Meeting 1 - 11/07/2024

1. Created GitHub repository and invited Collaborators
* Stefan Venter
* Rohann Venter
* Christo Prinsloo
* Francois Verster
* Jacques van Heerden

2. Cloned the Repository in Visual Studio

3. Added all student numbers and names to Form1 to ensure everyone can access, change and commit the changes

Meeting 2 - 20/07/2024

1. Discussed PDM and Scope
2. All instructed to create own PPMs and PDMs 

Meeting 3 - 27/07/2024

1.	Discussed PDMs and PDFDs
2.	Created First database for Login Form